I'm not sure any names could be message to the FBI or Mr. Wilson or anybody else until this investigation has been concluded in the work in the world.
Mr. Chairman, if you give them to the devil, then personally, when something both addresses before the end of the world in Mr. Wilson, we are immobilized for a minute.
It's just the water, water, and the midnight point of wonder.
I've had my deputy, Mr. CEO, but I'm only about to sign, but here for you.
But I believe that he is a good, working heart for his country.
And I'm moving out of this committee, give him the name to be 133, coming in.
Regardless of any bureaucracy involved, either on executive branch or the legislative branch,
I move that he gets the name, and I believe he'll have a malnutrition plant within a very short period of time.
The chairman, I so move that we give the name immediately to the Department of Defense in the interest of the Security United States.
I second the motion.
The motion made in second, is any discussion?
Mr. Chairman, I am not disposed to discuss it, and I just want to see the irregularities of the committee.
Please serve.
Question here is, is this special subcommittee or any of the holiday over the matter?
We are completely immobilized, the Republic Committee, by suspending all of its operations.
This committee was convened for a very specific purpose to conduct even investigation.
I simply remind the committee that we are immobilized ourselves and can do no racial business,
or until we can make sure that's what's going on.
If the senator from Illinois is wrong, he wants to be so biased, but he's here.
On this issue, what I say is that regardless of any technical details about committees or committee problems,
this matter has come up and these here, it was not implemented by any member of the committee to the best of my knowledge.
It must have been Chairman himself and of the permanent committee.
I say without any reservations that regardless of any technical details,
there are 130 come communists in the fifth place of the United States.
They're everything, they're saying are there, they are minister of security United States.
I believe that the Department of Defense under General Eisenhower would form out immediately
if they got the names of them and mine motion spans.
I have no touch with all of them.
Giving any information that we have by coming to the Department of Defense.
Number two, I know they already have it.
I would like to point out to Senator Epstein and some of the situation we're in in today.
It doesn't have a case of lack of information from the Department.
It takes an example of the printing office.
The only FBI has given 40 different reports to the security board for the government printing office.
In a guy or two a man who is accused by FBI and public of stealing tickets, being a top communist.
I was questioning the world board of the fire they kept him on handling six of material.
From view of the 40 different FBI informants for holding a test of our best body firm in the security.
The answer was, or it's not, it's not a practice to call anyone,
but give the recording for him from which.
So just have any of that, any of that, any of the animal in the animal?
We just finished our mission.
So it does not a question of the security officer not having information.
And we have every reason to believe they have all the information we have on more.
However, if there's any question about that, anyone from the defense department, anyone of their security officer can come over and put down by a stamp.
Any time of the day or night and yet, all of the information they want.
I'd like to make this motion if I may.
Yeah, my new experience.
I'm watching the talk.
So I'm so good, motion, Mr. Chairman.
I assume that this has been transformed from the special committee of my regular self-chair.
There's not believe that there's an entertaining motion from the Sunday of Wisconsin because, well, what many convenes here is the special investigation committee of Mr. Chairman of the Council has not left.
Well, we have some of the chairman of the Council.
The Council was very likely in motion as the lots of regular enough to get the committee to do.
We were the fact that all of our province would combine if we just transformed this one, or meeting with the minister of defense.
They all make a...
I would like to say that this is a change of this for me.
This is a change of this for me.
It's a change of this for me.
No, this may sound a problem.
The change of this is for the voice of the technicality.
For the chair of this, for the chair of the motion, informing the troubleshoot motion,
that's a regular investigating committee.
The allow of the fact to hold public hearings on communist and defense plans at any time that this committee is not put.
That would mean any evening, any Saturday, not any Sunday of course.
If we could do that, we can do a lot of work by listening to the committee's and progress.
I make that motion very seriously, Mr. Chairman, because it appears now that we're going on here for weeks, maybe months.
And I frankly feel the only way we can get rid of those communist and defense plans is to publicly expose them.
We have got rid of a tangible number.
You're not scratching the plant.
And this is not a meeting of the regular investigating committee.
I don't know if they chair with make that motion of the special committee, so that I can try to arrange in public hearings in the evening.
And that's the convenience of the hundreds from this meeting.
Chair, let's provide all of the colleagues that we're meeting here as a special investigating committee.
So which the senator from Idaho is a member, and a witness senator from Wisconsin is not.
The chair also recognizes that we have no jurisdiction whatsoever.
So when is the file directed by the regular investigating subcommittee?
The chair was about to say that he is calling an executive committee meeting for another purpose that he was now shopping.
And then 30 tomorrow morning in June 35th, so that he believes that that time all of the individuals who are now here will be there.
But we might better reassemble our failed temporarily if it's desirable as a regular responsibility and make what motions can be made at that time.
He doesn't see how he can very well work to have the situation of this type.
So if you're all be willing to hold your motions in a bay of the trap, and I'll let you kill them.
That's why we're asking the cabinet to dispense the flames and I mean it.
I like to have my motion voted on tonight, too, unless you think it's wrong.
And I know that we're voting to go to another company.
Find out we have no jurisdiction of any kind over the files because these 130 names are not in the position of our officials investigating committees.
The chairman might just point out that this matter of the 135 times this is before this committee,
and as much as it's come up in connection with testimony and statements made some time to time over a long period of time.
So we've seen there are four that this committee certainly has the right to insert that information relating to 135 times this fee sharply disclosed that.
I think this committee helped you escape by reason.
What has occurred in the hearing is from brought of the range and a fifth committee is impotent to act on matters that are brought in by hearings and for.
We think a lot of time.
The only thing that's done is that we're talking about a list of names which are not in the position of this committee.
Well, then why don't we even care about the chair's data, even to 100% in agreement with the idea of making positive to the defense department.
I have this with the name for you believe the proper way to do it.
If you do it in a motion made in the regular committee of which some of the parties is chairman and which the chair will be happy to make tomorrow morning or support at that time.
Or if your motion will reach a read that you recommend that that's be done, I would certainly say there is an appropriate motion.
The chair is willing to vote for anyhow but I don't think that's a problem.
If you think that's a problem, I think you're modified according to your suggestion.
I appreciate it.
The motion is made in second and that's this special committee.
Recommend to our regular.
If these names be turned over to the secretary of the department.
Yes, sir.
The secretary of the department.
The chair was here.
I have the chair of the academic.
I don't feel too deeply.
The possibility of stalling or investigation of the Royal Board of the Interior and the Communist.
I don't know what confidence come back.
I'm sure you can back to the purpose of immobilizing the committee.
The result has been that the committee has been immobilized.
I've been trying to get back to our work as quickly as we can.
I am not impressed with this great sudden show of interest you have in Communism,
so twice and after you get to make your speech yesterday that you felt the people who gave us information about these Communists should go to jail.
Yesterday you had a different path.
Yesterday you thought the people who gave us information about these Communists have violated the law.
I have been guilty of some crime.
You were warning them over television not to give us information.
Tonight, suddenly, you have a great concern about this.
I don't mean the right of the center of the very.
The special President of the Lincoln Pass, whatever resolution he wants to address me.
I want them to know that he does not miss a third of every piece of information we have.
He has now always has been available to the FBI.
There is nothing secret in supply of the central department concerned about the Communist and the Communist plant.
There is no point in calling for the first components of this.
I did not discuss blocking any Communist investigation.
The Secretary Stevens or Mr. Adams.
I believe that anybody who tried to block a Communist investigation would be a poor American.
And I certainly have no desire to be that.
The Secretary of the Army with the Chief of Staff of the Army, Mr. Stevens, in general which way came to my office to see me.
During the discussion, they told me that the testimony and that the way that General's liquor was being treated was very damaging to the morale of the Army to the point that they were very worried about it.
That is what Secretary Stevens told me.
The next day or the day after that I was leaving for Europe with Santa Brite's.
And so I told Secretary Stevens that I would do my best to block any further testimony of Army witnesses until I came back.
I was biased for the United States Army.
I will always be biased for the United States Army.
When the Member of the Armed Services Committee, the Secretary of the Army with a great general comes to see me and says that the way this committee is operating, tends to destroy the morale of this Army.
I have been around the world enough and enough time to know that that is a serious matter from the standpoint of the Security United States.
And I did my best to stop any investigation of the Army until I got back from that trip.
That is long I accepted. I will do it again.
I believe in the United States Army. Now there is one question I would like to ask.
What I said yesterday had to do with confidential information that came from informants.
And I would like to know now that 133 names came from the confidential files of any government agency for this committee from informants comparable to the young Army intelligence officer.
We have been told that gave the letter before it to be signed by Mr. Hoover to this committee.
Would you like to answer that one?
I would like to have you answered the sound of McCarthy. I would like to tell you much because it disturbed me.
Where are you going? I will give you the answer.
Tonight you are very disturbed about the 130 odd communist defense plans.
Last night you were advising people in government not to give me information about those communists.
I can tell you now that the information in regards to those 130 odd communists that did come to us in a number of instances from confidential informants.
The kind of people in use they should be jailed for giving up the information.
I'm already a reporter. I think the documents cannot be expressed clear.
May I ask if any of the information came and take the documents?
I appreciate the courtesy of the send up from Ms. Planson.
I would like to get him on the record right now.
Is he going to take 133 names of these communists and in the interest of the national security of this age of total fell against open communism?
Give them the night to the secretary of defense or is he going to hold them until he is hearing derogers?
The center for Sibnon F such a silly question.
The senator knows that the security officers who are charged with the security of these plans.
As far as we know have all the information which we have, can I add the center of attention?
I'm sorry.
I'm all walking to my council. I'm not sorry. I'll say a fact.
Let's let me answer the center of attention.
The center of the rule we give the defensive part of the information about 130 odd communists.
I want to tell the center as far as we know, the security officers have all the information which we have and more.
However, if anyone from the defense department wants to come over and talk to members of my staff who are not immobilized in this hearing, they can do so.
I will not order Mr. Pohn, who is testifying all day long to spend these nights with the defense department or anyone else.
I will not order anyone else who is immobilized for this hearing, but we do have sufficient staff.
I believe that if anyone from the defense department wants to go over and sit down with them and they may do that.
I sincerely hope that my good friend from Missouri, now that he learns the importance of these communists and defense plans,
might advise the American people that they should disregard the advice they give them last night to keep information about coming to secret.
Are you ready for those?
No, I'm afraid we say aye.
I'm very no.
Chair unanimously, Mr. Welch, you have what remains to be 10 minutes.
Wow, I think it's very long been here.
I think my next question now is to do this.
What time is it, Mr. Chairman?
The council advisory of the time deprotation say that your time has expired.
Chair has...
Your announcements to make.
Number one in response to what I won't have to meet.
All of the press immediately after this meeting.
In response to the question raised by Senator McCarthy, whether I will call Senator Flanders as a witness before this today.
And the chair said that he is not going to call Senator Flanders or any of the other people,
who are commenting about these hearings on a day-to-day basis.
Your chair would like to add to that, that of course, if Senator Flanders has any information which is pertinent to this investigation,
he or any other senator will be welcomed as a witness before the committee,
and all witnesses before this committee must testify under hope.
Sir, a second.
I have not asked the chair to call him as a witness, I ask.
Mr. Chairman, the chair would be calling.
I'm calling.
I'm asking if you've got information.
I think he's a long here to come.
Chair, are you going to testify?
Chair believes it is blanket announcement for Senator Flanders and the 95 other members of the Senate.
Any of them are welcomed as a testify before this committee.
Any time they have any pertinent information to provide.
And if they testify, they will testify under hope as all other witnesses.
The second announcement is that at 9.30 to 1 morning in noon 3.57,
we'll have an executive meeting of the committee primarily to discuss a request presented in an open letter to this committee by Mr. Schooff and Schooff requesting that the letter,
that the testimony taken are the hearings rather than we held.
Among ourselves, the conversations of our executive session of March of May 17th, I believe it was, will be released to the public.
And in a moment, we'll take it up at 9.30 in the morning.
There's some penalty.
Just a pass.
And any other meetings, Senator Jackson?
Go ahead.
Yes.
And I believe that there should be made available to the committee, the, to the committee only, members of the committee,
the type list and copies of hearings held in the executive sessions, and questions and connections and interrogates.
And we'll also go into discuss whether we should have a change in our rules about the executive testimony.
Up to now, the chair is operating under instructions from his committee to keep the standard graphic notes locked up in his state, which he has done.
Senator Jackson suggests maybe it would like to have them picked up to be made available to all the committee members.
And we'll discuss that also at the meeting in the morning.
Well, the problem is that there's a drop to drop.
Who, which is how we see copies of their corrects and unmotion made by the commission.
Mr. Joseph Alsop and General Lawton have received copies of their executive testimony.
And the problem is that there are a number of witnesses requested copies about the government.
The only other witnesses who have requested it, those who appeared in conjunction with the overall meeting of the committee where we have to have some special rules to apply to.
Yeah, absolutely.
We have to make almost those.
That's good.
Mr. Chairman, I just want to say that I have no particular desire to look at any particular testimony.
It's only that the members of this committee are charged with knowledge of testimony taking an effective testimony.
And it's not possible for all of us to be of those sessions.
And I think all of us have a heavy enough responsibility without the care of the public information where we might be charged.
We're now having something we don't know what to do about it.
We said to look at the motion.
He's operating under the motion which now obtains the standard recess until 10 o'clock tomorrow.
Thank you.